>>> WHAT A BIZARRE NEWS DAY.
>>> WHAT A BIZARRE NEWS DAY. AND MICHAEL COHEN TODAY INFORMED
AND MICHAEL COHEN TODAY INFORMED THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE
THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE THAT HE WAS POSTPONING, PERHAPS
THAT HE WAS POSTPONING, PERHAPS INDEFINITELY, HIS SCHEDULED
INDEFINITELY, HIS SCHEDULED TESTIMONY BECAUSE HE FEARS FOR
TESTIMONY BECAUSE HE FEARS FOR HIS LIFE AND THAT OF HIS FAMILY.
HIS LIFE AND THAT OF HIS FAMILY. HIS LAWYER SAID THE DECISION WAS
HIS LAWYER SAID THE DECISION WAS BASED ON ONGOING TLEETS HIS AND
BASED ON ONGOING TLEETS HIS AND HIS FAMILY FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP
HIS FAMILY FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP AND MR. GIULIANI.
AND MR. GIULIANI. PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO HAS CALLED
PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO HAS CALLED CO CANNEN A RAT HAS URGED THE
CO CANNEN A RAT HAS URGED THE AUTHORITIES TO TOSS THE BOOK AT
AUTHORITIES TO TOSS THE BOOK AT HIM WHILE SUGGESTING THEY
HIM WHILE SUGGESTING THEY INVESTIGATE HIS FATHER IN LAW.
INVESTIGATE HIS FATHER IN LAW. >> HE’S IN TROUBLE ON SOME LOANS
>> HE’S IN TROUBLE ON SOME LOANS AND FRAUD AND TAXI CABS AND
AND FRAUD AND TAXI CABS AND STUFF I KNOW-NOTHING ABOUT.
STUFF I KNOW-NOTHING ABOUT. AND IN ORDER TO GET HIS SENTENCE
AND IN ORDER TO GET HIS SENTENCE REDUCED, HE SAYS I HAVE AN IDEA,
REDUCED, HE SAYS I HAVE AN IDEA, I’LL GIVE YOU INFORMATION ON THE
I’LL GIVE YOU INFORMATION ON THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. WELL, THERE IS NO INFORMATION
WELL, THERE IS NO INFORMATION BUT HE SHOULD GIVE INFORMATION
BUT HE SHOULD GIVE INFORMATION MAYBE ON HIS FATHER IN LAW
MAYBE ON HIS FATHER IN LAW BECAUSE THAT’S THE ONE THAT
BECAUSE THAT’S THE ONE THAT PEOPLE WANT TO LOOK AT BECAUSE
PEOPLE WANT TO LOOK AT BECAUSE WHERE DOES THAT MONEY -- THAT’S
WHERE DOES THAT MONEY -- THAT’S THE MONEY IN THE FAMILY AND I
THE MONEY IN THE FAMILY AND I GUESS HE DIDN’T WANT TO TALK
GUESS HE DIDN’T WANT TO TALK ABOUT HIS FATHER IN LAW.
ABOUT HIS FATHER IN LAW. HE’S TRYING TO GET HIS SENTENCE
HE’S TRYING TO GET HIS SENTENCE REDUCED.
REDUCED. IT’S PRETTY SAD.
IT’S PRETTY SAD. IT’S WEAK.
IT’S WEAK. >> AS TRUMP’S PERSONAL LAWYER
>> AS TRUMP’S PERSONAL LAWYER AND FIXER, HE’S IN A POSITION TO
AND FIXER, HE’S IN A POSITION TO SHARE EVERYTHING ABOUT HIS OLD
SHARE EVERYTHING ABOUT HIS OLD BOSS AND DURING HIS SENTENCING
BOSS AND DURING HIS SENTENCING HEARING, HE TOLD THE COURT TIME
HEARING, HE TOLD THE COURT TIME AND TIME AGAIN I FELT IT WAS MY
AND TIME AGAIN I FELT IT WAS MY DUTY TO COVER UP HIS DIRTY DEEDS
DUTY TO COVER UP HIS DIRTY DEEDS AND JUST LAST MONTH COHEN
AND JUST LAST MONTH COHEN ADMITTED BREAKING CAMPAIGN
ADMITTED BREAKING CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAWS AND DID THAT AT THE
FINANCE LAWS AND DID THAT AT THE DIRECTION OF THE PRESIDENT.
DIRECTION OF THE PRESIDENT. COHEN SAID HIS WIFE AND FATHER
COHEN SAID HIS WIFE AND FATHER IN LAW ARE SCARED AND FEEL
IN LAW ARE SCARED AND FEEL DIRECTLY TARGETED BY THIS
DIRECTLY TARGETED BY THIS PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. AND TOLD NBC COLD THE THREATS
AND TOLD NBC COLD THE THREATS ARE REAL AND TRUMP KNOWS WHAT
ARE REAL AND TRUMP KNOWS WHAT HE’S DOING.
HE’S DOING. FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR, STAFF
FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR, STAFF FIGHTER FOR THE ATLANTIC.
FIGHTER FOR THE ATLANTIC. DONNIE, WHAT IS, TO PUT IT
DONNIE, WHAT IS, TO PUT IT BLUNTLY FOR PEOPLE TRYING TO
BLUNTLY FOR PEOPLE TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHY A GUY WOULD COUGH
FIGURE OUT WHY A GUY WOULD COUGH HIS TESTIMONY THAT WAS SO
HIS TESTIMONY THAT WAS SO ANTICIPATED OF THIS SO SCANDAL
ANTICIPATED OF THIS SO SCANDAL IS AFRAID.
IS AFRAID. WHAT DOES HE FEAR PHYSICALLY,
WHAT DOES HE FEAR PHYSICALLY, CRIMINALLY, WHAT?
CRIMINALLY, WHAT? WHY IS HIS WIFE CRYING EVERY
WHY IS HIS WIFE CRYING EVERY NIGHT ACCORDING TO EVIDENCE
NIGHT ACCORDING TO EVIDENCE HERE.
HERE. >> I SHOWED UP CLOSE AND
>> I SHOWED UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL.
PERSONAL. I WAS ON THE PHONE WITH HIM
I WAS ON THE PHONE WITH HIM RIGHT AFTER TRUMP DID THAT AND
RIGHT AFTER TRUMP DID THAT AND HE SAYS MY WIFE IS SITTING HERE
HE SAYS MY WIFE IS SITTING HERE CRYING.
CRYING. THIS IS MY 80 SOMETHING YEAR OLD
THIS IS MY 80 SOMETHING YEAR OLD FODDER IN LAW.
FODDER IN LAW. WHY AM I DOING THIS?
WHY AM I DOING THIS? AND IT’S NOT ONLY ETHAT.
AND IT’S NOT ONLY ETHAT. IT’S THE THOUSANDS OF RANCE
IT’S THE THOUSANDS OF RANCE UDTHREATS THAT STARTED AS A
UDTHREATS THAT STARTED AS A RESULT OF HIM TESTIFYING TO
RESULT OF HIM TESTIFYING TO CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. IT’S GONE TO A NEW HEINOUS
IT’S GONE TO A NEW HEINOUS LEVEL.
LEVEL. TRUMP CLEARLY WAS THREATENING
TRUMP CLEARLY WAS THREATENING HIM.
HIM. I SAW THE REACTION.
I SAW THE REACTION. I SAW HIM BACK UP AND THE OTHER
I SAW HIM BACK UP AND THE OTHER THING.
THING. HE DIDN’T DO THIS IN THE TEASE
HE DIDN’T DO THIS IN THE TEASE UP IS MICHAEL IS STALE
UP IS MICHAEL IS STALE COOPERATINGING -- PART OF
COOPERATINGING -- PART OF COOPERATINGING IN ONGOING
COOPERATINGING IN ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS AND I THINK HE
INVESTIGATIONS AND I THINK HE FELT IT WAS IN HIS BEST INTEREST
FELT IT WAS IN HIS BEST INTEREST AND IN THE INVESTIGATIONS BUT
AND IN THE INVESTIGATIONS BUT MOSTLY FOR HIS FAMILY.
MOSTLY FOR HIS FAMILY. HE VOLUNTEERED TO DO THIS.
HE VOLUNTEERED TO DO THIS. TOO MANY PEOPLE ALREADY GOING TO
TOO MANY PEOPLE ALREADY GOING TO JAIL AND VOLUNTEER TO SPEAK IN
JAIL AND VOLUNTEER TO SPEAK IN FRONT OF CONGRESS AND THAT’S NOT
FRONT OF CONGRESS AND THAT’S NOT PARTICULARLY A FRIENDLY PLACE.
PARTICULARLY A FRIENDLY PLACE. BUT I REALLY BELIEVE HE SO
BUT I REALLY BELIEVE HE SO WANTED TO TELL CERTAIN STORIES
WANTED TO TELL CERTAIN STORIES AND HE’LL GET THEM OUT THERE
AND HE’LL GET THEM OUT THERE EVENTUALLY.
EVENTUALLY. BUT I THINK FOR THE SAFETY --
BUT I THINK FOR THE SAFETY -- >> YOU THINK HE’S TELLING THE
>> YOU THINK HE’S TELLING THE TRUTH ABOUT PHYSICAL FEAR FOR
TRUTH ABOUT PHYSICAL FEAR FOR HIS FAMILY?
HIS FAMILY? AFRAID OF A FANATIC GOING AFTER
AFRAID OF A FANATIC GOING AFTER HIS FAMILY PHYSICALLY?
HIS FAMILY PHYSICALLY? >> CHRIS, I CAN ABSOLUTELY,
>> CHRIS, I CAN ABSOLUTELY, ABSOLUTELY ATTEST TO THAT.
ABSOLUTELY ATTEST TO THAT. HE’S READ ME SOME OF THE EMAILS
HE’S READ ME SOME OF THE EMAILS AND ON TOP OF THAT WHEN THE
AND ON TOP OF THAT WHEN THE PRESIDENT -- THERE’S ALWAYS
PRESIDENT -- THERE’S ALWAYS GOING TO NUTS OUT THERE.
GOING TO NUTS OUT THERE. BUT JUST LIKE THE GODFATHER,
BUT JUST LIKE THE GODFATHER, REALLY COMES OUT AND THREATENS
REALLY COMES OUT AND THREATENS YOUR 80 SOMETHING YEAR OLD
YOUR 80 SOMETHING YEAR OLD GRANDFATHER -- I MEAN FATHER IN
GRANDFATHER -- I MEAN FATHER IN LAW.
LAW. THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE REPORTS TO THE PRESIDENT.
REPORTS TO THE PRESIDENT. THE PRESIDENT IS THE CHIEF LAW
THE PRESIDENT IS THE CHIEF LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIAL IN THIS
ENFORCEMENT OFFICIAL IN THIS COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. HE SAID REALLY?
HE SAID REALLY? REALLY?
REALLY? IT WOULD BE OKAY IF IT WAS YOUR
IT WOULD BE OKAY IF IT WAS YOUR FATHER IN LAW?
FATHER IN LAW? AND I’VE SEEN MICHAEL THROUGH A
AND I’VE SEEN MICHAEL THROUGH A LOT AND I’VE SEEN HIM BE STRONG
LOT AND I’VE SEEN HIM BE STRONG AND CRACK A LITTLE BIT.
AND CRACK A LITTLE BIT. YOU MAY THINK HE’S A CROOK, MAY
YOU MAY THINK HE’S A CROOK, MAY THINK HE’S A GOOD GUY BUT HE IS
THINK HE’S A GOOD GUY BUT HE IS A DEVOTED FATHER AND HUSBAND.
A DEVOTED FATHER AND HUSBAND. AND THAT HITS A VERY DIFFERENT
AND THAT HITS A VERY DIFFERENT NERVE, PARTICULARLY WHEN YOU
NERVE, PARTICULARLY WHEN YOU WERE VOLUNTEERING TO DO IT.
WERE VOLUNTEERING TO DO IT. >> YOUR THOUGHTS ABOUT THE
>> YOUR THOUGHTS ABOUT THE THREATS AND OF COURSE THE
THREATS AND OF COURSE THE WITNESS TAMPERING BEHIND IT ALL.
WITNESS TAMPERING BEHIND IT ALL. IT’S ONE THING IF SOMEBODY ON
IT’S ONE THING IF SOMEBODY ON TELEVISION SAYS THIS GUY’S NO
TELEVISION SAYS THIS GUY’S NO GOOD.
GOOD. WHEN THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
WHEN THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES SAYS IT’S NO GOOD,
STATES SAYS IT’S NO GOOD, THERE’S POSSIBILITY OF WILD
THERE’S POSSIBILITY OF WILD BEHAVIOR IN THE STREETS.
BEHAVIOR IN THE STREETS. HE COULD BE GOING TO A
HE COULD BE GOING TO A RESTAURANT AND SOMEBODY COULD
RESTAURANT AND SOMEBODY COULD ATTACK HIM.
ATTACK HIM. BUT LET’S GET TO THE LEGAL
BUT LET’S GET TO THE LEGAL QUESTION.
QUESTION. THREATENING ADMINISTRATION
THREATENING ADMINISTRATION ACTION FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE
ACTION FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE HIMSELF AGAINST THE FODDER IN
HIMSELF AGAINST THE FODDER IN LAW.
LAW. THAT LOOKS LIKE A COMBINATION OF
THAT LOOKS LIKE A COMBINATION OF WITNESS TAMPERING AND ABSOLUTE
WITNESS TAMPERING AND ABSOLUTE ABUSE OF AUTHORITY BY THE
ABUSE OF AUTHORITY BY THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. >> THE FIRST QUESTION I ASKED
>> THE FIRST QUESTION I ASKED WAS WERE THERE MORE THREATS THAN
WAS WERE THERE MORE THREATS THAN JUST THE ONES PRESENTED VIA
JUST THE ONES PRESENTED VIA TWITTER, HIS LAWYER ON THE
TWITTER, HIS LAWYER ON THE SUNDAY SHOWS AND HE SAID HE
SUNDAY SHOWS AND HE SAID HE WASN’T WILLING TO GET INTO THAT
WASN’T WILLING TO GET INTO THAT BUT THE PRESIDENT SIGNALING TO
BUT THE PRESIDENT SIGNALING TO THE REST OF THE WORLD THIS IS
THE REST OF THE WORLD THIS IS SOMEONE WHO IS A RAT AND JUST IN
SOMEONE WHO IS A RAT AND JUST IN THIS TO PROTECT HIS FATHER IN
THIS TO PROTECT HIS FATHER IN LAW WAS ENOUGH FOR HIM TO GET
LAW WAS ENOUGH FOR HIM TO GET HIM TO CHANGE HIS MIND.
HIM TO CHANGE HIS MIND. THE QUESTION OF WHETHER
THE QUESTION OF WHETHER DEMOCRATS ARE GOING TO SEE THIS
DEMOCRATS ARE GOING TO SEE THIS AS OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE,
AS OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, THAT’S ALREADY BEEN ANSWERED.
THAT’S ALREADY BEEN ANSWERED. BECAUSE DEMOCRATS SENT OUT AN
BECAUSE DEMOCRATS SENT OUT AN UNFAIRLY UNPRECEDENTED LETTER
UNFAIRLY UNPRECEDENTED LETTER WARNING HIM ABOUT TAMPERING WITH
WARNING HIM ABOUT TAMPERING WITH WITNESSES.
WITNESSES. AND OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE BY
AND OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE BY THE PRESIDENT IS AN IMPEACHABLE
THE PRESIDENT IS AN IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE.
OFFENSE. BECAUSE WE SAW THAT COME CANNING
BECAUSE WE SAW THAT COME CANNING OUT IN MASS SAYING LOOK, IF THE
OUT IN MASS SAYING LOOK, IF THE PRESIDENT DIRECTED HIM TO LIE AT
PRESIDENT DIRECTED HIM TO LIE AT ANY POINT AND IF THE PRESIDENT
ANY POINT AND IF THE PRESIDENT WAS TRYING TO SUBORN PERJURY,
WAS TRYING TO SUBORN PERJURY, THAT IS IMPEACHABLE AND THEY
THAT IS IMPEACHABLE AND THEY SAID THEY WOULD NOT HESITATE TO
SAID THEY WOULD NOT HESITATE TO LAUNCH IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS.
LAUNCH IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS. IF THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN TRYING
IF THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN TRYING PURPOSELY TO INTIMIDATE OUT OF
PURPOSELY TO INTIMIDATE OUT OF TESTIFYING BEFORE THE COMMIT
TESTIFYING BEFORE THE COMMIT CANNY, THAT COULD BE SEEN AS A
CANNY, THAT COULD BE SEEN AS A BLAT OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
BLAT OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. >> IT’S WORSE THAN WATERGATE.
>> IT’S WORSE THAN WATERGATE. RICHARD NIXON NEVER WOULD DO
RICHARD NIXON NEVER WOULD DO THIS BECAUSE HE HAD A BASIC
THIS BECAUSE HE HAD A BASIC RESPECT FOR INSTITUTIONS,
RESPECT FOR INSTITUTIONS, DESPITE ALL HIS WRONG DOING.
DESPITE ALL HIS WRONG DOING. HE HE SAYS IF JOHN DEANSIES WORD
HE HE SAYS IF JOHN DEANSIES WORD AGAINST ME, I’M GOING TO GET
AGAINST ME, I’M GOING TO GET HIM.
HIM. IT IS MOB TALK.
IT IS MOB TALK. >> WE’RE IN DAY 34 OF ONE LONG
>> WE’RE IN DAY 34 OF ONE LONG ACT OF OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
ACT OF OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. SOMETIMES IT’S TWEETS AND
SOMETIMES IT’S TWEETS AND SOMETIMES DIRECTING THE JUSTICE
SOMETIMES DIRECTING THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO GO AFTER SOMEONE’S
DEPARTMENT TO GO AFTER SOMEONE’S FATHER IN LAW.
FATHER IN LAW. YOU CAN’T CHARGE THEM ALL AS
YOU CAN’T CHARGE THEM ALL AS CRIMES.
CRIMES. I DON’T KNOW WHAT YOU COULD GET
I DON’T KNOW WHAT YOU COULD GET THE PRESIDENT FOR UNDER THE
THE PRESIDENT FOR UNDER THE STATUTE.
STATUTE. BUT THIS IS A --
BUT THIS IS A -- >> IF YOU GO ON TELEVISION ASS
>> IF YOU GO ON TELEVISION ASS AN AUTHORITY FIGURE AND YOU SAY
AN AUTHORITY FIGURE AND YOU SAY THIS IS A RAT, A BAD BEING.
THIS IS A RAT, A BAD BEING. AND SOMEBODY GOES OUT AND THROW
AND SOMEBODY GOES OUT AND THROW AS ROCK AT OR WHATEVER HAPPENS
AS ROCK AT OR WHATEVER HAPPENS OR GIVES HIM A HARD TIME, WOULD
OR GIVES HIM A HARD TIME, WOULD THAT BE PART OF THE PRESIDENT’S
THAT BE PART OF THE PRESIDENT’S RESPONSIBILITY?
RESPONSIBILITY? >> IF THE PRESIDENT KNEW HE WAS
>> IF THE PRESIDENT KNEW HE WAS DIRECTING SOMEONE TO COMMIT THE
DIRECTING SOMEONE TO COMMIT THE CRIME.
CRIME. RS FOR HERE’S THE PROBLEM WHEN
RS FOR HERE’S THE PROBLEM WHEN YOU HAVE THE ABILITY TO START
YOU HAVE THE ABILITY TO START INVESTIGATIONS, WHEN YOU SAY THE
INVESTIGATIONS, WHEN YOU SAY THE WORDS YOU OUGHT TO GO AFTER THAT
WORDS YOU OUGHT TO GO AFTER THAT GUY, WHEN YOU’RE THE HEAD OF THE
GUY, WHEN YOU’RE THE HEAD OF THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH, IT’S
EXECUTIVE BRANCH, IT’S NECESSARILY A THREAT.
NECESSARILY A THREAT. SOMEONE WILL PERCEIVE THAT, THAT
SOMEONE WILL PERCEIVE THAT, THAT THIS MAN IS TRYING TO STICK THE
THIS MAN IS TRYING TO STICK THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ON ME.
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ON ME. >> EVEN IF HE DOESN’T CALL UP
>> EVEN IF HE DOESN’T CALL UP WILLIAM BARR AND SAYS BILL, NAIL
WILLIAM BARR AND SAYS BILL, NAIL THIS FATHER IN LAW FOR ME, IT’S
THIS FATHER IN LAW FOR ME, IT’S STILL TAMPERING.
STILL TAMPERING. >> JOYCE CALLS IT AWFUL CONDUCT.
>> JOYCE CALLS IT AWFUL CONDUCT. IT MIGHT BE SOMETHING MAYBE YOU
IT MIGHT BE SOMETHING MAYBE YOU COULDN’T CONVICT HIM OF BUT IT’S
COULDN’T CONVICT HIM OF BUT IT’S JUST BAD FOR THE PRESIDENT TO BE
JUST BAD FOR THE PRESIDENT TO BE DOING.
DOING. >> HE WAS ASKED ABOUT THE
>> HE WAS ASKED ABOUT THE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST HIM.
ALLEGATIONS AGAINST HIM. ER
ER >> HE SAYS HE’S BEEN THREATENED
>> HE SAYS HE’S BEEN THREATENED BY YOU.
BY YOU. >> NO, I WOULD SAY HE’S BEEN
>> NO, I WOULD SAY HE’S BEEN THREATENED BY THE TRUTH.
THREATENED BY THE TRUTH. HE’S ONLY BEEN THREATENED BY THE
HE’S ONLY BEEN THREATENED BY THE TRUTH AND HE DOESN’T WANT TO DO
TRUTH AND HE DOESN’T WANT TO DO THAT PROBABLY FROM ME OR OTHER
THAT PROBABLY FROM ME OR OTHER OF HIS CLIENTS.
OF HIS CLIENTS. HE HAS OTHER CLIENTS ALSO, I
HE HAS OTHER CLIENTS ALSO, I ASSUME AND HE DOESN’T WANT TO
ASSUME AND HE DOESN’T WANT TO TELL THE TRUTH FOR ME OR OTHER
TELL THE TRUTH FOR ME OR OTHER OF HIS CLIENTS.
OF HIS CLIENTS. >> THERE HE GOES AGAIN.
>> THERE HE GOES AGAIN. IS HE REFERRING TO RUSSIAN
IS HE REFERRING TO RUSSIAN CLIENTS?
CLIENTS? MOB CLIENTS THAT WE’VE TALKED
MOB CLIENTS THAT WE’VE TALKED ABOUT BEFORE HE’S A A CONERATING
ABOUT BEFORE HE’S A A CONERATING WITNESS BECAUSE HE DOESN’T WANT
WITNESS BECAUSE HE DOESN’T WANT TO TESTIFY AGAINST SCARY PEOPLE
TO TESTIFY AGAINST SCARY PEOPLE IN ADDITION TO THE PRESIDENT.
IN ADDITION TO THE PRESIDENT. >> WHAT HE ALWAYS DOES, LOOK AT
>> WHAT HE ALWAYS DOES, LOOK AT THE SHINY OBJECT OVER THERE.
THE SHINY OBJECT OVER THERE. MIKE WAS IN-HOUSE COUNSEL FOR
MIKE WAS IN-HOUSE COUNSEL FOR DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. HE DIDN’T HAVE OTHER CLIENTS.
HE DIDN’T HAVE OTHER CLIENTS. THAT’S NOT WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
THAT’S NOT WHAT THIS IS ABOUT. I WANT TO COME BACK TO THE
I WANT TO COME BACK TO THE THREATS.
THREATS. BECAUSE IT IS CLEAR.
BECAUSE IT IS CLEAR. THE ARE ALWAYS NUTS OUT THERE.
THE ARE ALWAYS NUTS OUT THERE. BUT WHERE MICHAEL REALLY TURNED
BUT WHERE MICHAEL REALLY TURNED IS WHEN HE SAW HIS WIFE
IS WHEN HE SAW HIS WIFE HYSTERICAL CRYING SAYING NOW
HYSTERICAL CRYING SAYING NOW THEY’RE GOING TO DRAG MY FAULGT
THEY’RE GOING TO DRAG MY FAULGT FATHER INTO IT?
FATHER INTO IT? AND I THINK HE HAD A REAL
AND I THINK HE HAD A REAL DIFFERENT WAY OF LOOKING AT IT
DIFFERENT WAY OF LOOKING AT IT AND ONCE AGAIN YOU’VE DRAGGED
AND ONCE AGAIN YOU’VE DRAGGED YOUR FAMILY THROUGH THIS.
YOUR FAMILY THROUGH THIS. YOU KNOW YOU GO TO BED WITH YOUR
YOU KNOW YOU GO TO BED WITH YOUR WIFE CRYING AND OUT OF NOWHERE,